Reinforcement Learning is the subfield of machine learning concerned with decision making and motor control. It studies how an agent can learn how to achieve goals in a complex, uncertain environment. It's exciting for many reasons, but here are two: 
- Reinforcement Learning is very general, and is all encompassing to problems that involve making a sequence of decisions. For example, controlling a robot's motors so that it's able to run and jump, making business decisions like pricing and inventory management, or playing video games and board games. It can also be applied to supervised machine learning problems with sequential or structured outputs. 
- Reinforcement Learning algorithms have started to achieve good results in many difficult environments. Reinforcement Learning has a long history, but until recent advances in deep learning, it requred lots of problem-specific engineering. DeepMind's Atari results, BRETT from Pieter Abbeel's group, and AlphaGo all used deep Reinforcement Learning which did not make too many assumptions about their environment, and thus can be applied to other settings; making it great for generalzing about new situations. 

BUT, Reinforcement Learning has two factors that are slowing it down (which have been solved by OpenAI's Gym Library):
- The need for better benchmarks. In supervised learning, progress has been driven by large labeled datasets like ImageNet. In Reinforcement Learning, the closest equivalent would be a large and diverse collection of environments. However, the existing open-source collections of Reinforcement Learning environments dont have enough variety, and they are often difficult to set up and use. 
- Lack of standardization of environments used in publications. Subtle differences in the problem definition, such as the reward function or the set of actions, can drastically alter a task’s difficulty. This issue makes it difficult to reproduce published research and compare results from different papers.
